Om Namah Shivay Friends, an employee of ICIC LBRD made
a mistake.  He posted the first part of the result
on his WhatsApp story.  That audit was yet to be conducted.
So Labard's employees have
given that information to the exchange.  Our
employee has just made a mistake.  But this mistake may
point towards insider trading
because orders for investigation into it have probably been given.
But then the problem with that is that
if he posts a story on WhatsApp and
that story remains visible for an hour.  So
those who wanted to see the results, they saw them
but the company said that these were
not the final results, so you should not consider this as the final result,
whoever saw it, those who
saw it will definitely do insider trading
which means it will be a kind of insider
trading, but you see, before BCCI and NBA, the
results have been very good for a long time.
Their revenue has been
increasing quarterly.  Profits have been increasing.  Their
solvency ratio is very high and the combined
ratio is also improving.  There
should be a solvency ratio.  What is solvency ratio?   Right now
you should have one and a half times the amount that we have to give to the customer, so that
means 150% is minimum, so its
solvency ratio is 278%, 278% is a very
good solvency ratio, which means it has full cash,
this company is a stable company, the name of ICICI is
associated with it, so it will be stable and if we
look at its combined ratio,
its combined ratio also always remains around 10 224.
This means that right now the company is incurring a
loss of ₹4 or ₹2 on a premium of ₹100.
So, their target is to
come below 100, which HDFC Ergo is doing
very well right now, it is not listed
in the share market yet, but
HDFCR is considered the best company because it is
doing well in health as well, it is
in profit in it, that means the money it is earning in every thing,
it is earning from its investments, it invests the
premium money it gets
and its
household is running from that investment income,
so now they say that we will improve our combined.
We will also become profitable
from the insurance business so that
everything gets added together by combining the insurance business and investment business.  So this is
a company which works in two or four stock segments.  If it
is a general insurance company, then obviously motor vehicles account for
50% of the
revenue.  30% of
its revenue comes from health insurance
and 20 to 25% comes from business insurance.  The
rest of the small things like travel insurance
etc. come from there.  So
most of them do motor vehicle
insurance.  But they are
also increasing their health insurance.
His health insurance is doing well now.
I have been associated with them for a long time, for the last two years.
So it is doing good business
in health insurance also.  The CAGR of their health
insurance is increasing more.  Earlier
it increased from 10-12% to 30%.  So,
if they continue to grow like this in health insurance,
then their combined
ROI may gradually come down.  But if you
look at the results they have been getting, their
profits have always been increasing and
their revenue has also been increasing.  If
you look at the revenue growth of 3 years, it is around 14%.
But their interest in health insurance is
increasing now.  It has been made for 2 years now.
So as this increases in health insurance,
their revenue will increase and profit will
increase.  So according to me it is a good and
stable company.  It has a market cap of Rs 94,000 crore
which is considered huge.  But there
is an insurance company.  According to me it does
not do life insurance.  You should
not stay in that league.  It only provides insurance for the motor vehicles that I have just
mentioned in the categories.
Which
is compulsory to get compulsory motor vehicle insurance.
Otherwise you will be fined without it.   The
main thing is that insurance is about
safety and this is an
emerging company and if the results are leaked then who
knows there might be an expectation of good results that is why
it did not decrease much even today and
closed in positive because the market
mood was bad, even though Nifty
closed in positive but if you look at the overall market and the
broader market then it was
negative, so you should study this company,
according to me it is a good stable company, it is a
company which gives compounded returns in the long term.  It will
not become a multibagger.  Don't be in the trap of being a multibagger.
Not every stock becomes a multibagger.
To give stability to your portfolio, you
also have to include those with compounded returns
in your portfolio.  So that we keep getting
12 to 15% returns every year.  This keeps
our portfolio stable.  [laughter]
So that's good company.  Study and do your
research.  Your money will be safe only if you keep it in your hands
and
please subscribe to my channel and
like the video if you have seen till here
then thank you.